well I guess I'll put my potatoes the
Russian banana our fingerling potatoes
and this raised bed here I'm not really
using the cold frame seems like we
jumped right into summer so let me clear
up this bed or clean up the bed and
plant some potatoes
so I cleaned up the bed and I've dug a
trench because I want to heal up I'm
gonna have to heal up a couple of times
as the plants grow but I guess initially
you plant them two to three inches deep
12 inches apart in rows of 30 to 36
inches apart which I can't do so in one
raised bed I'll just put one row down in
the middle here I don't know how many
banana bananas I don't I don't know how
many fingerlings you get off of each one
of these potatoes starters here as you
can see I cut them a couple of days ago
and they've calloused over and I got a
couple eyes on each hopefully so you
just put them in I guess
now this raised bed also I put wire mesh
on the bottom of it so I hopefully
there'll be no no critters coming up
from underneath so there's one with the
eye facing up here's an easy one with an
eye facing up
there's one
I'm going to have enough here for
another raised bed so I can move one
this looks like in high I think right
there
hmm
and one here so I put a couple of inches
hopefully raccoons don't eat potatoes
it's pretty loose soil too so that
should give me room to Hill up around
these when they start growing
now I did read online that they
recommend not putting any manure or
compost or any lime in the soil because
that can promote scab which is a potato
disease not to be confused with callus
if you think a scab is what would form
after you cut the potato but when you
cut the potato on purpose you want it to
form a callus before you plant but yeah
so if you add wine or manure or compost
that could promote scab disease on
potatoes so they don't recommend doing
that so hopefully I won't have any
experience with the tail diseases I
think whether that's potato bugs - so
I've got it watered in and I'll probably
have a second raised bed because I have
some leftover so today's Tuesday April
17th I've got my Russian banana
fingerling potatoes planted and they'll
probably have a second raised bed
because I've got plenty left over this
is New England gardening thanks for
watching